Add debugging frontend info (#1331)
apache/daffodil-vscode: DEVELOPMENT.md

    ```

    This will start the debug adapter and await a connection from the Apache Daffodil VS Code Extension (usually on TCP port 4711); and
- debug your schema file, as long as your `launch.json` has the `useExistingServer` setting above.

#### Debugging UI Source

##### Inspecting the HTML

To inspect the HTML, open up the UI window (e.g., Configure launch.json, Data Editor) that you wish to inspect and open the Webview Developer Tools with `Ctrl + Shift + P` and typing `Developer: Open Webview Developer Tools`.

![ui-debug1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/77f44956-7536-4e96-b9ec-23b7ffbaecdc)

From the Elements tab, you can inspect the HTML by expanding and hovering elements to highlight them in the UI.

![ui-debug2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a3378311-236e-4c54-9e58-ab34286da461)

Likewise, you can use the Inspect tool to click on items in the UI to see the corresponding HTML element.

![ui-debug3](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a601c5e8-9eff-46a2-9811-c62c16b2fe27)

![ui-debug4](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/27c407f7-ded2-4780-b8e8-e5d6bb8d1f40)

> Note: This only debugs the UI from the DOM. It does not add any debugging functionality within the Data Editor's extension source files.

Author: Updated.

    This will start the debug adapter and await a connection from the Apache Daffodil VS Code Extension (usually on TCP port 4711); and
- debug your schema file, as long as it has the `useExistingServer` setting above.

#### Debugging UI Source

After starting an Extension debug window and setting up the Data Editor, open the Webview Developer Tools with `Ctrl + Shift + P` and type `Developer: Open Webview Developer Tools`. 

![ui-debug1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/14ccd4dc-b8e1-4555-add9-b4dd106a82b9)

Select the Sources tab in the tool window.

![ui-debug2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/97e84c81-b0fd-4ac0-8488-a2c0115b0eba)

In the navigation pane on the left, select the file to place breakpoints.

![ui-debug3](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c63ba4d3-1963-4ce2-81a1-751a54b8acf7)

> Place breakpoints by clicking the line number.

Reviewer: If you set a breakpoint in Web Developer Tools, do you need to go back to the extension and do something to hit the breakpoint? Do you need to restart the extension or the Data Editor? Or is there a run button in the Web Developer Tools pane?

Author: Updated PR to hopefully clarify.

![ui-debug4](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3375876f-c4e6-4df0-a383-c57dbcb7727e)

> You can then inspect values by either opening the Memory Inspector

Reviewer: The breakpoint needs to be hit before you can inspect values, correct?

    This will start the debug adapter and await a connection from the Apache Daffodil VS Code Extension (usually on TCP port 4711); and

> - debug your schema file, as long as it has the `useExistingServer` setting above.

Reviewer 2: The "it" in this sentence confused me. Initially, I thought it meant adding `useExistingServer` to the schema I was debugging.
```suggestion
- debug your schema file, as long as `launch.json` has the `useExistingServer` setting above set to true.
```

Author: Updated
